a watchdog says War drove Global
displacement to a record 76 million
people last year the report from the
internal displacement Monitoring Center
says the number of displaced people
doubled in The Last 5 Years these
Palestinians arriving at al- maasi area
on gaza's western coast have been on the
Move since Israel's war on Gaza began in
October we've been displaced four times
and now we live with my uncle's family
in al- maasi but there is no space for
us
here violence in Gaza Sudan and the
Democratic Republic of Congo drove 2/3
of the displacements in
2023 in the final quarter of the Year
Israel's war on Gaza forcibly displaced
1.7 million
Palestinians and in the Democratic
Republic of Congo fighting between
government troops and Rebels uprooted
6.7 million people since the conflict in
Sudan started in April 9.1 million
people have been driven from their homes
the second highest number recorded in a
single country since records began in
2008 4-year-old Yasmin was orphaned as
her family tried to escape from sedan to
Chad during fighting between rival
forces her mother who was 8 months
pregnant was killed and she was left all
alone some people found her on the road
and brought her back here on the road we
suffered a lot the rapid support forces
killed and wounded so many
people but the report says the crisis is
just the tip of the iceberg tens of
millions of people remain displaced from
previous and ongoing Wars and disasters
extreme weather and natural disasters
also contributed to the global Spike of
internally displaced people floods
storms earthquakes and wildfires
displaced more than 26 million people
Barbara Anga Al jaer
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al jazer